#  xcpdftips 

This is a LaTeX package for natbib citations with PDF tooltips.

## Manifest

The xcpdftips package contains the following files:

### `xcpdftips.dtx`
 
Documented source file that may be LaTeXed to get the 
detailed description and/or coding documentation.

May be docstripped with option "package,all" to get the 
`xcpdftips.sty` package file, or processed with `xcpdftips.ins`.  

### `xcpdftips.ins`  
 
A docstrip batch job to extract `xcpdftips.sty` from the source file 
`xcpdftips.dtx`.  Simply TeX or LaTeX this file.

This file is embedded in `xcpdftips.dtx`. If it is missing, then 
LaTeXing `xcpdftips.dtx` will extract it.
                  
## Generation

Simply run TeX or LaTeX on `xcpdftips.ins`, which extracts
`xcpdftips.sty` from the documented source `xcpdftips.dtx`. If 
`xcpdftips.ins` has been lost, it may be regenerated by 
running LaTeX on `xcpdftips.dtx`.

## Documentation   

Run LaTeX on `xcpdftips.dtx` or `xcpdftips.ltx`. The latter may be edited 
as needed to conform to local requirements (paper size, duplex or not, 
with or without entire coding).  Alternatively, a `ltxdoc.cfg` file can 
contain local configurations.

For full details, print out the documentation in `xcpdftips.dtx` 
by LaTeXing it.

## List of changes

v1.0 Initial release 2019/03/10

## License

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


